This C program demonstrates a simple recursive descent parser for parsing arithmetic expressions. It uses a grammar for expressions involving addition (+) and multiplication (*) operators with parentheses to control operator precedence. Here's a detailed explanation for a viva discussion:

Definitions and Declarations:

#include <stdio.h> and #include <string.h>: Include standard C libraries for input/output and string manipulation.
#define SUCCESS 1 and #define FAILED 0: Define constants for success and failure of parsing.
Function Prototypes:

int E(), Edash(), T(), Tdash(), F();: Declare the functions for parsing different parts of the grammar.
Global Variables:

const char *cursor;: Pointer to track the current position in the input string.
char string[64];: Array to store the input string.
Main Function:

Reads an input string (e.g., "i+(i+i)*i") using sscanf for demonstration purposes.
Sets the cursor to the beginning of the input string.
Prints a header for the parsing process.
Calls the E() function, which is the starting point of the grammar.
Checks if parsing was successful and the cursor has reached the end of the string.
Parsing Functions:

E(), Edash(), T(), Tdash(), F(): These functions correspond to the non-terminal symbols in the grammar.
Each function implements a part of the grammar and prints the production rule that is being applied.
The functions return SUCCESS if the corresponding part of the input is successfully parsed according to the grammar, and FAILED otherwise.
Explanation of Parsing:

The E() function represents an expression, which consists of a term (T()) followed by an optional expression (Edash()).
The Edash() function handles the addition operator (+) and recursion to handle additional terms.
The T() function represents a term, which consists of a factor (F()) followed by an optional term (Tdash()).
The Tdash() function handles the multiplication operator (*) and recursion to handle additional factors.
The F() function represents a factor, which can be a parenthesized expression or a single identifier (i in this case).
Error Handling:

If parsing fails at any point, the functions return FAILED, and the main function prints an error message.